like piano because it has more notes
than the drama
I still love drums of course I keep it's
around with a lot of drunk friends
including you Dan and Harry ravine and
even Steve Smith from journey came up
here to do a little interview he was
doing a whole DVD of interviews of old
drummers like Bo Diddley's drummer and
all kinds of drummers including Jimmy
Benson who died but he lived here in
Boulder City he was with Louis Louie
prima and in fact Jimmy Vincent he had
poor fella had alzheimerís disease and
he was taking a walk around here and
gonna be paying the piano and he came in
that nice grin he sat down at my set
started playing a little and I was
playing a little what I thought of this
like Louis Prima brainers
you barely looked in this Italian accent
he said Betsy wanted to go on a road and
I like to trade licks with drummers and
I said in once in a while with a nice
little band for seniors every Thursday
at Boulder station and then I did a
couple of shows a year apart at the
rocky belly rockabilly fest festival at
the old goat
I mean Gold Coast cold go to school and
I play once the while with my girl
cousins ban Suzie has a nice band called
mainstream down around Hesperia get a
shot of her band up there on the wall if
you want
hey where's a little Scott Joplin pretty
something and what else
working on Scott chopper
keeps my brain active to study piano
nothing I'm tired of drugs I still love
brother